Now what we wanna do is we wanna create a
page that shows your history plotted over
time on the sentiment,
the score of your sentiment.
So a few things that we have to
do in order for that to happen.
First, we need to figure out what your
sentiment score is on a certain entry,
which we're not,
we're not doing that right now.
So we can go back and do that.
The next thing we need to do is figure
out, we gotta save that somewhere.
So we gotta update the database so
we can save that.
And then the last thing is creating
a UI where we can plot that.
And then we also wanna calculate
your average sentiment,
so you can understand how you've been.
Eventually, if you want it, you could
put that on a sliding time range.
Pick a date range,
see how you felt within this date surface.
You can even go further and be like, okay,
within this range show me certain
words that I use surface,
common words that I use or understand
what I was saying in that moment in time.
You can get really deep [LAUGH]
to understand yourself,
as long as you're honest with
the stuff that you write.
Okay, let's do that.
So first thing first, let's make
a new page inside of our dashboard,
sibling to journal, and
that will be called history.
So I'll make a new folder called history
and inside that folder, make a page.tsx.
And then history is just going
to be a page, a server function.
So we'll do that,
default History like that.
Okay, that's it, nothing crazy.
Just a div.
I'm just gonna add that to my links in my
sidebar so I can actually click on it.
There we go.
Okay, so now we should be able to go
to history and it shows us history.
Okay, first things first
is we're gonna figure
out how everybody knows what they are.
So let's think about it.
We could go down into AI and make some new
functionality, just to get the sentiment.
But we know that we're
using this analyze function
every time an entry is saved and updated.
We can just add another property on our
schema to ask for a sentiment score.
And then we can save that.
So I think that's what I'll do.
So I'll go to our schema
in this parser here,
and I'll just say, sentimentScore.
And I'll say this is a z.number And
describe
I do remember, I think this one
was a little struggling, so
I'm probably gonna use
the one I used before.
Which for this one, I described
it as sentiment of the text and
rated on a scale from -10 to 10,
where -10 is extremely negative,
0 is neutral, and
10 is extremely positive.
It actually took me, or
actually I asked GPT to write this for me.
Because everyone that I wrote would
not give me what I was looking for.
It was like sometimes and not sometimes.
It was just,
this is not what I'm looking for.
So I was like, I told you, it's like,
this is what I'm trying to do,
write me a prompt for this.
And it was like, cool, here you go.
And I just paste it in and it works.
And I was like, dang, that's Meta [LAUGH].
Cool, all right, so I'll paste that in.
Now we need to go update everywhere
we're doing this to account for it.
We were mostly doing spread
in most of the places, so
we probably should be good in most places.
But let's just go double check.
We definitely got to update the schema for
sure.
But let's go check in the API calls.
Those two ones on the update and create.
Yep, we're spreading here.
So if it gets created we should be good.
If you want to update it,
it should be good.
And then on this one,
we're also doing spread.
So we should be good.
We shouldn't have to change anything
here cuz we're not manually adding any
properties, everything's spread.
Are we returning it though,
from the parse?
So let's see.
Yeah, we're just returning the whole
thing, so that should be good too.
That's all we really gotta do
is just update our schema.
So we'll come down here, make a new one
called sentimentScore and
this will be a Float.
If you do an integer it'll break
cuz you're gonna get back decimals.
It's not gonna be whole numbers from -10
to 10, it'll be floats from -10 to 10.
And I'm gonna add a default here so
our database doesn't freak out.
So default, this is going to be 0,
as in neutral.
And then npx prisma db push should
be good cuz we added a default here.
Good to go, I'm gonna stop my server,
start it again.